README.md, before:

# Dotts Trading Cards Version 2

## How to Contribute to this Project

1. Contact `caltroit_red_flames#2462` via discord with your github username and ask to be added as a contributer.

2. Clone the repository `git clone git@github.com:GuthrieW/dotts-trading-cards-version-2.git`.

3. Read the [Development](https://github.com/GuthrieW/dotts-trading-cards-version-2#development) section of the readme.

4. Pick an issue from [the list on the project's GitHub](https://github.com/GuthrieW/dotts-trading-cards-version-2/issues) and add yourself as an asignee.

5. Create a branch off of the `master` branch for your changes.

6. Once your changes are finished and tested created a pull request. Send the link to your pull request to a code owner for review.

## Development

### Dependencies

-   Before adding dependencies to the project please contact a code owner ([caltroit_red_flames](caltroit_red_flames#2462) or [KoltClassic](KoltClassic#8195)).

### Branches

-   Branch names should not contain upper case characters, numerals, or spaces.

-   Branch names should correspond to a specific issue, i.e., [readme-updates](https://github.com/GuthrieW/dotts-trading-cards-version-2/issues/2).

-   Branches are required to be reviewed by a code owner ([caltroit_red_flames](caltroit_red_flames#2462) or [KoltClassic](KoltClassic#8195)).

-   Direct pushes to the master branch **_are not permitted_**.

### Running the Server Locally

The project uses Yarn Package Manager. **Do not use NPM when developing this project.** Yarn installation instructions can be found at on the [Yarn Package Manager website](https://classic.yarnpkg.com/en/docs/install/).

Install dependencies.

```bash
yarn install
```

Run the development server.

```bash
yarn dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your web browser to see the view the website.

Commit message:

Readme updates (#4)
* Update README.md

Reformatted readme to include contribution instructions and development norms.

* Update README.md

Added posting pull requests in their correspondng issues.

README.md, after:

# Dotts Trading Cards Version 2

## How to Contribute to this Project

1. Contact `caltroit_red_flames#2462` via Discord with your GitHub username and ask to be added as a contributer.

2. Clone the repository `git clone git@github.com:GuthrieW/dotts-trading-cards-version-2.git`.

3. Read the [Development](https://github.com/GuthrieW/dotts-trading-cards-version-2#development) section of the readme.

4. Pick an issue from [the list on the project's GitHub](https://github.com/GuthrieW/dotts-trading-cards-version-2/issues) and add yourself as an asignee.

5. Create a branch off of the `master` branch for your changes.

6. Once your changes are finished and tested created a pull request. Send the link to your pull request to a code owner for review.

7. Post your pull request as a comment in its corresponding issue.

## Development

### Dependencies

-   Before adding dependencies to the project please contact a code owner via Discord (`caltroit_red_flames#2462` or `KoltClassic#8195`).

### Branches

-   Branch names should not contain upper case characters, numerals, or spaces.

-   Branch names should correspond to a specific issue, i.e., [readme-updates](https://github.com/GuthrieW/dotts-trading-cards-version-2/issues/2).

-   Branches are required to be reviewed by a code owner (`caltroit_red_flames#2462` or `KoltClassic#8195`).

-   Direct pushes to the master branch **_are not permitted_**.

### Running the Server Locally

The project uses Yarn Package Manager. **Do not use NPM when developing this project.** Yarn installation instructions can be found at on the [Yarn Package Manager website](https://classic.yarnpkg.com/en/docs/install/).

Install dependencies.

```bash
yarn install
```

Run the development server.

```bash
yarn dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your web browser to see the view the website.
